[FLINK-20287][docs] Add documentation of how to switch memory allocator in Flink docker image (#14248)
apache/flink: docs/deployment/resource-providers/standalone/docker.md

There are also more [advanced ways](#advanced-customization) for customizing the Flink image.

### Switch memory allocator

Flink introduced `jemalloc` as default memory allocator to resolve memory fragmentation problem (please refer to [FLINK-19125](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-19125)).

> User could still switch back to previous `glibc` as memory allocator if wanting to keep behavior as before or meeting some unexpected memory related problem.
> Please contact Flink community via user mail list if you found any regression under current `jemalloc` memory allocator.
> 
> You could switch back to `glibc` as memory allocator by passing `disable-jemalloc` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could switch back to use `glibc` as memory allocator to restore the old behavior or if any unexpected memory consumption or problem observed (and please report the issue via JIRA or mailing list if you found any), by passing `disable-jemalloc` parameter:
```
